# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-axes
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webauthn
astroid==3.3.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pylint
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   glom
babel==2.16.0
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bs4
    #   webtest
black==24.10.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
boltons==24.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   face
    #   glom
bs4==0.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
bump2version==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
cbor2==5.6.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webauthn
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via black
colorama==0.4.6
    # via isort
coverage==7.6.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
    #   webauthn
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
dill==0.3.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pylint
django==4.2.16
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-axes
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-jenkins
    #   django-jsonform
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-redis
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-solo
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   maykin-2fa
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-admin-index==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-axes==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-debug-toolbar==4.4.6
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-hijack==3.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-ipware==7.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-jenkins==0.110.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-jsonform==2.23.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-ordered-model==3.7.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-otp==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-rosetta==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-solo==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-two-factor-auth==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   maykin-2fa
django-webtest==1.9.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
ecs-logging==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
face==24.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   glom
factory-boy==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
faker==33.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   factory-boy
flake8==7.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
freezegun==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
glom==24.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via sphinx
josepy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
lxml==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
maykin-2fa==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
numpy==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pandas
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   sphinx
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
phonenumberslite==8.13.51
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
pillow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   pylint
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-rosetta
psycopg2==2.9.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flake8
pygments==2.18.0
    # via sphinx
pylint==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pyopenssl==24.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   josepy
    #   webauthn
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   qrcode
pyquery==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   pandas
python-decouple==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
python-ipware==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-ipware
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pandas
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
redis==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-redis
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-rosetta
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   requests-mock
    #   sphinx
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
sentry-sdk==2.19.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tblib==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pylint
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   faker
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   qrcode
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.28
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
waitress==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
webauthn==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
webob==1.8.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
webtest==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-webtest
wrapt==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
